README.markdown, before:

Sprockets4j
===========

Note: this project isn't fully functioning yet.

----

Sprockets4j is a Java port of [Sam Stephenson's Sprockets Ruby library](http://github.com/sstephenson/sprockets). 

## Why port?

Two reasons:

1.  Sometimes, when the stars are aligned to form a magical **J** in the sky, and the northern winds keep the java-hacker or two awake at night, an awesome Java project is born. Sprockets4j will gently and passionately care for the JS and CSS assets of those projects.

2.  To learn Ruby. I strongly believe that the best way to learn anything is to truly **need the knowledge** that you're trying to acquire. Porting requires full understanding of the code, and thus creates that need, essential for learning the language.


## Original project info


*  GitHub: [http://github.com/sstephenson/sprockets](http://github.com/sstephenson/sprockets)
*  Homepage: [http://getsprockets.org/](http://getsprockets.org/)


## License

Copyright &copy; 2009 George Calm.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Stop development. Use RequireJS instead.

README.markdown, after:

Sprockets4j
===========

**Note: I've stopped developing this project. Consider using [RequireJS](http://requirejs.org/) instead.**



----

Sprockets4j is a Java port of [Sam Stephenson's Sprockets Ruby library](http://github.com/sstephenson/sprockets). 

## Why port?

To learn Ruby. I strongly believe that the best way to learn anything is to need the knowledge. Porting requires good understanding of the code, and thus creates that need, essential for learning the language.


## Original project info


*  GitHub: [http://github.com/sstephenson/sprockets](http://github.com/sstephenson/sprockets)
*  Homepage: [http://getsprockets.org/](http://getsprockets.org/)


## License

Copyright &copy; 2009 George Calm.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
